README.md, before:

# node-m3u8stream

Reads segments from a [m3u8 playlist][1] or [DASH MPD file][2] into a consumable stream.

[1]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-pantos-http-live-streaming-20
[2]: https://dashif.org/docs/DASH-IF-IOP-v4.2-clean.pdf

[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/fent/node-m3u8stream.svg)](https://david-dm.org/fent/node-m3u8stream)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/fent/node-m3u8stream/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/fent/node-m3u8stream)


# Usage

```js
const fs = require('fs');
const m3u8stream = require('m3u8stream')

m3u8stream('http://somesite.com/link/to/the/playlist.m3u8')
    .pipe(fs.createWriteStream('videofile.mp4'));
```


# API

### m3u8stream(url, [options])

Creates a readable stream of binary media data. `options` can have the following

* `begin` - Where to begin playing the video. Accepts an absolute unix timestamp or date and a relative time in the formats `1:23:45.123` and `1m2s`.
* `liveBuffer` - How much buffer in milliseconds to have for live streams. Default is `20000`.
* `chunkReadahead` - How many chunks to preload ahead. Default is `3`.
* `highWaterMark` - How much of the download to buffer into the stream. See [node's docs](https://nodejs.org/api/stream.html#stream_constructor_new_stream_writable_options) for more. Note that the actual amount buffered can be higher since each chunk request maintains its own buffer.
* `requestOptions` - Any options you want to pass to [miniget](https://github.com/fent/node-miniget), such as `headers`.
* `parser` - Either "m3u8" or "dash-mpd". Defaults to guessing based on the playlist url ending in `.m3u8` or `.mpd`.
* `id` - For playlist containing multiple media options. If not given, the first representation will be picked.

### Stream#end()

If called, stops requesting segments, and refreshing the playlist.

#### Event: progress
* `Object` - Current segment with the following fields,
  - `number` - num
  - `number` - size
  - `number` - duration
  - `string` - url
* `number` - Total number of segments.
* `number` - Bytes downloaded up to this point.

For static non-live playlists, emitted each time a segment has finished downloading. Since total download size is unknown until all segment endpoints are hit, progress is calculated based on how many segments are available.

### Limitations

Currently, it does not support [encrypted media segments](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-pantos-http-live-streaming-20#section-4.3.2.4). This is because the sites where this was tested on and intended for, YouTube and Twitch, don't use it.

This does not parse master playlists, only media playlists. If you want to parse a master playlist to get links to media playlists, you can try the [m3u8 module](https://github.com/tedconf/node-m3u8).


# Install

    npm install m3u8stream


# Tests
Tests are written with [mocha](https://mochajs.org)

```bash
npm test
```

Commit message:

feat: forward miniget events from the returned stream

README.md, after:

# node-m3u8stream

Reads segments from a [m3u8 playlist][1] or [DASH MPD file][2] into a consumable stream.

[1]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-pantos-http-live-streaming-20
[2]: https://dashif.org/docs/DASH-IF-IOP-v4.2-clean.pdf

[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/fent/node-m3u8stream.svg)](https://david-dm.org/fent/node-m3u8stream)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/fent/node-m3u8stream/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/fent/node-m3u8stream)


# Usage

```js
const fs = require('fs');
const m3u8stream = require('m3u8stream')

m3u8stream('http://somesite.com/link/to/the/playlist.m3u8')
    .pipe(fs.createWriteStream('videofile.mp4'));
```


# API

### m3u8stream(url, [options])

Creates a readable stream of binary media data. `options` can have the following

* `begin` - Where to begin playing the video. Accepts an absolute unix timestamp or date and a relative time in the formats `1:23:45.123` and `1m2s`.
* `liveBuffer` - How much buffer in milliseconds to have for live streams. Default is `20000`.
* `chunkReadahead` - How many chunks to preload ahead. Default is `3`.
* `highWaterMark` - How much of the download to buffer into the stream. See [node's docs](https://nodejs.org/api/stream.html#stream_constructor_new_stream_writable_options) for more. Note that the actual amount buffered can be higher since each chunk request maintains its own buffer.
* `requestOptions` - Any options you want to pass to [miniget](https://github.com/fent/node-miniget), such as `headers`.
* `parser` - Either "m3u8" or "dash-mpd". Defaults to guessing based on the playlist url ending in `.m3u8` or `.mpd`.
* `id` - For playlist containing multiple media options. If not given, the first representation will be picked.

### Stream#end()

If called, stops requesting segments, and refreshing the playlist.

#### Event: progress
* `Object` - Current segment with the following fields,
  - `number` - num
  - `number` - size
  - `number` - duration
  - `string` - url
* `number` - Total number of segments.
* `number` - Bytes downloaded up to this point.

For static non-live playlists, emitted each time a segment has finished downloading. Since total download size is unknown until all segment endpoints are hit, progress is calculated based on how many segments are available.

#### miniget events

All [miniget events](https://github.com/fent/node-miniget#event-redirect) are forwarded and can be listened to from the returned stream.

### Limitations

Currently, it does not support [encrypted media segments](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-pantos-http-live-streaming-20#section-4.3.2.4). This is because the sites where this was tested on and intended for, YouTube and Twitch, don't use it.

This does not parse master playlists, only media playlists. If you want to parse a master playlist to get links to media playlists, you can try the [m3u8 module](https://github.com/tedconf/node-m3u8).


# Install

    npm install m3u8stream


# Tests
Tests are written with [mocha](https://mochajs.org)

```bash
npm test
```
